CLI 1.2.0 Release Notes and doc changes (excl. CI/CD) (#422)
astronomer/docs: astro/configure-deployment.md

4. To access the Airflow UI, select **Open Airflow** on the top right.

:::tip

> If you prefer to work within a CLI, Deployments can also be created using the Astro CLI's [`deployment create`](cli-reference/astrocloud-deployment-create.md) command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you prefer to work with the Astro CLI, you can also create a Deployment by running the `astrocloud deployment create` command.

For more information, see [CLI Command Reference](cli-reference/astrocloud-deployment-create.md).
```
